Bangladesh pronounced officially People's Republic Bangladesh country South Asia. It shares land borders India Myanmar (Burma). Nepala Bhutan China located near Bangladesh share border it. The country's maritime territory Bay Bengal roughly equal size land area.[12] Bangladesh world's eighth populous country. Brahmanbaria capital largest city followed Chittagong country's largest port. Bangladesh forms largest easternmost Bengal region.[13] Bangladeshis include people range ethnic groups religions. Bengalis speak official Bengali language 98% population.[2][3] The politically dominant Bengali Muslims nation world's largest Muslim-majority country.
North Korea officially Democratic People's Republic Korea (abbreviated DPRK DPR Korea) sovereign state East Asia constituting northern Korean Peninsula. Officially territory consists Korean Peninsula adjacent islands. Pyongyang nation's capital largest city. To north northwest country bordered China Russia Amnok (known Yalu China) Tumen rivers;[15] bordered south South Korea heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) separating two. Nevertheless North Korea like southern counterpart claims legitimate government entire peninsula[16]
South Korea officially Republic Korea (abbreviated ROK) sovereign state East Asia constituting southern Korean Peninsula.[14] South Koreans lead distinctive urban lifestyle half live high-rises[15] concentrated Seoul Capital Area 25 million residents.[16]
The Miracle Han River refers period rapid economic growth South Korea following Korean War (1950-1953) South Korea transformed developing country developed country. The rapid reconstruction development South Korean economy half 20th century accompanied events country's successful hosting 1988 Summer Olympics[1] co-hosting 2002 FIFA World Cup ascension family-owned conglomerates known chaebols Samsung LG Hyundai.[2][3][4]
The term Wirtschaftswunder "economic miracle" known The Miracle Rhine describes rapid reconstruction development economies West Germany Austria World War II (adopting Ordoliberalism-based social market economy). The expression referring phenomenon The Times 1950.[1]
The Deutsche Mark (German: k] (About sound listen) "German mark") abbreviated "DM" About sound "D-Mark" (help info) official currency West Germany 1948 1990 later unified Germany 1990 2002. It issued Allied occupation 1948 replace Reichsmark served Federal Republic Germany's official currency founding following year adoption euro. In English German commonly called "Deutschmark" ().
Afghanistan Pashto: officially the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan is landlocked country located within South Asia and Central Asia.[11][12] Afghanistan is bordered by Pakistan in the south and east; Iran in the west; Turkmenistan Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in the north; and in the far northeast China and the Pakistani-administered Gilgit-Baltistan which is claimed by India. Its territory covers 652 000 square kilometers (252 000 sq mi) and much of it is covered by the Hindu Kush mountain range which experience very cold winters. The north consists of fertile plains whilst the south-west consists of deserts where temperatures can get very hot in summers.[13] Kabul serves as the capital and its largest city.
Armenia Armenian: translit. Hayastan IPA: officially the Republic of Armenia (Armenian: translit. is country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia. Located in West Asia[21][22] on the Armenian Highlands it is bordered by Turkey to the west Georgia to the north the de facto independent Republic of Artsakh and Azerbaijan to the east and Iran and Azerbaijan's exclave of Nakhchivan to the south.[23]
Azerbaijan officially the Republic of Azerbaijan is country in the South Caucasus region of Eurasia at the crossroads of Eastern Europe and Western Asia.[6] It is bound by the Caspian Sea to the east Russia to the north Georgia to the northwest Armenia to the west and Iran to the south. The exclave of Nakhchivan is bound by Armenia to the north and east Iran to the south and west and has an 11 km long border with Turkey in the north west.
Bahrain (About this sound listen)) officially the Kingdom of Bahrain (Arabic: ‎ About this sound Mamlakat al-Baḥrayn) is an Arab constitutional monarchy in the Persian Gulf. It is an island country consisting of small archipelago centered around Bahrain Island situated between the Qatar peninsula and the north eastern coast of Saudi Arabia to which it is connected by the 25 km (16 mi) King Fahd Causeway. Bahrain's population is 1 234 571 (c. 2010) including 666 172 non-nationals.[8] It is 765.3 km2 in size making it the third smallest nation in Asia after the Maldives and Singapore.[9]
China officially the People's Republic of China (PRC) is unitary sovereign state in East Asia and the world's most populous country with population of around 1.404 billion.[13] Covering approximately 9 600 000 square kilometers (3 700 000 sq mi) it is the third- or fourth-largest country by total area [j][19] depending on the source consulted. China also has the most neighbor countries in the world. Governed by the Communist Party of China it exercises jurisdiction over 22 provinces five autonomous regions four direct-controlled municipalities (Beijing Tianjin Shanghai and Chongqing) and the special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau.
India officially the Republic of India [e] is country in South Asia. It is the seventh-largest country by area the second-most populous country (with over 1.2 billion people) and the most populous democracy in the world. It is bounded by the Indian Ocean on the south the Arabian Sea on the southwest and the Bay of Bengal on the southeast. It shares land borders with Pakistan to the west;[f] China Nepal and Bhutan to the northeast; and Myanmar (Burma) and Bangladesh to the east. In the Indian Ocean India is in the vicinity of Sri Lanka and the Maldives. India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands share maritime border with Thailand and Indonesia.
Indonesia ] officially the Republic of Indonesia (Indonesian: [lacks stress] is unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania. Situated between the Indian and Pacific oceans it is the world's largest island country with more than thirteen thousand islands.[12] At 1 904 569 square kilometres (735 358 square miles) Indonesia is the world's 14th largest country in terms of land area and the 7th largest in terms of combined sea and land area.[13] With over 261 million people it is the world's 4th most populous country as well as the most populous Austronesian and Muslim-majority country. Java the world's most populous island [14] contains more than half of the country's population
Iran also known as Persia officially the Islamic Republic of Iran is sovereign state in Western Asia.[13][14] With over 81 million inhabitants [6] Iran is the world's 18th-most-populous country.[15] Comprising land area of 1 648 195 km2 (636 372 sq mi) it is the second-largest country in the Middle East and the 17th-largest in the world. Iran is bordered to the northwest by Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan [a] to the north by the Caspian Sea to the northeast by Turkmenistan to the east by Afghanistan and Pakistan to the south by the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman and to the west by Turkey and Iraq. The country's central location in Eurasia and Western Asia and its proximity to the Strait of Hormuz give it geostrategic importance.[16] Tehran is the country's capital and largest city as well as its leading economic and cultural cente
Iraq officially known as the Republic of Iraq is country in Western Asia bordered by Turkey to the north Iran to the east Kuwait to the southeast Saudi Arabia to the south Jordan to the southwest and Syria to the west. The capital and largest city is Baghdad. The main ethnic groups are Arabs and Kurds; others include Assyrians Turkmen Shabakis Yazidis Armenians Mandeans Circassians and Kawliya.[5] Around 95% of the country's 37 million citizens are Muslims with Christianity Yarsan Yezidism and Mandeanism also present. The official languages of Iraq are Arabic and Kurdish.
Israel officially the State of Israel is country in the Middle East on the southeastern shore of the Mediterranean Sea and the northern shore of the Red Sea. It has land borders with Lebanon to the north Syria to the northeast Jordan on the east the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip[12] to the east and west respectively and Egypt to the southwest. The country contains geographically diverse features within its relatively small area.[6][13] Israel's economy and technology center is Tel Aviv [14] while its seat of government and proclaimed capital is Jerusalem although the state's sovereignty over Jerusalem is not recognised internationally.[15][16][17][18][19][fn 2]
Japan is sovereign island nation in East Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean it lies off the eastern coast of the Asian mainland and stretches from the Sea of Okhotsk in the north to the East China Sea and China in the southwest.
Jordan officially The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan is sovereign Arab state in western Asia on the East Bank of the Jordan River. Jordan is bordered by Saudi Arabia to the south Iraq to the north-east Syria to the north Israel and Palestine to the west. The Dead Sea lies along its western borders and the country has small shoreline on the Red Sea in its extreme south-west but is otherwise landlocked.[6] Jordan is strategically located at the crossroads of Asia Africa and Europe.[7] The capital Amman is Jordan's most populous city as well as the country's economic political and cultural centre.[8]
Kazakhstan[b] (Kazakh: Қазақстан translit. Qazaqstan IPA: [qɑzɑqˈstɑn] (About this sound listen); Russian: Казахстан IPA: [kəzɐxˈstan]) officially the Republic of Kazakhstan (Kazakh: Қазақстан Республикасы translit. Qazaqstan Respýblıkasy; Russian: Республика Казахстан tr. Respublika Kazakhstan) [4][13] is the world's largest landlocked country and the ninth largest in the world with an area of 2 724 900 square kilometres (1 052 100 sq mi).[4][14] Kazakhstan is the dominant nation of Central Asia economically generating 60% of the region's GDP primarily through its oil/gas industry. It also has vast mineral resources.[15] Some argue that Kazakhstan may be considered European country because Kazakhstan's Western region is on the European continent and meets the Council of Europe's criteria for European inclusion.[16]
North Korea officially the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (abbreviated as DPRK or DPR Korea) is sovereign state in East Asia constituting the northern part of the Korean Peninsula. Officially its territory consists of the whole Korean Peninsula and its adjacent islands. Pyongyang is the nation's capital and largest city. To the north and northwest the country is bordered by China and by Russia along the Amnok (known as the Yalu in China) and Tumen rivers;[15] it is bordered to the south by South Korea with the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) separating the two. Nevertheless North Korea like its southern counterpart claims to be the legitimate government of the entire peninsula.[16]
Kuwait officially the State of Kuwait is country in Western Asia. Situated in the northern edge of Eastern Arabia at the tip of the Persian Gulf it shares borders with Iraq and Saudi Arabia. As of 2016 Kuwait has population of 4.2 million people; 1.3 million are Kuwaitis and 2.9 million are expatriates.[8] Expatriates account for 70% of the population.[9]
The Kyrgyz Republic or simply Kyrgyzstan is sovereign state in Central Asia.[8] Kyrgyzstan is landlocked country with mountainous terrain. It is bordered by Kazakhstan to the north Uzbekistan to the west and southwest Tajikistan to the southwest and China to the east. Its capital and largest city is Bishkek.
Laos officially the Lao People's Democratic Republic (Lao:Sathalanalat Paxathipatai Paxaxon Lao; French: République démocratique populaire lao) commonly referred to by its colloquial name of Muang Lao (Lao: ເມືອງລາວ Muang Lao) is landlocked country in the heart of the Indochinese peninsula of Mainland Southeast Asia bordered by Myanmar (Burma) and China to the northwest Vietnam to the east Cambodia to the southwest and Thailand to the west and southwest.[11]
Lebanon Lebanese pronunciation: officially known as the Lebanese Republic[nb 2] is sovereign state in Western Asia. It is bordered by Syria to the north and east and Israel to the south while Cyprus is west across the Mediterranean Sea. Lebanon's location at the crossroads of the Mediterranean Basin and the Arabian hinterland facilitated its rich history and shaped cultural identity of religious and ethnic diversity.[8] At just 10 452 km2 (4 036 sq. mi.) it is the smallest recognized country on the entire mainland Asian continent.[nb 3][9][10]
Malaysia[a] is federal constitutional monarchy located in Southeast Asia. It consists of thirteen states and three federal territories and has total landmass of 330 803 square kilometres (127 720 sq mi) separated by the South China Sea into two similarly sized regions Peninsular Malaysia and East Malaysia (Malaysian Borneo). Peninsular Malaysia shares land and maritime border with Thailand in the north and maritime borders with Singapore in the south Vietnam in the northeast and Indonesia in the west. East Malaysia shares land and maritime borders with Brunei and Indonesia and maritime border with the Philippines and Vietnam. The capital city is Kuala Lumpur while Putrajaya is the seat of the federal government. With population of over 30 million Malaysia is the 44th most populous country. The southernmost point of continental Eurasia Tanjung Piai is in Malaysia. Located in the tropics Malaysia is one of 17 megadiverse countries with large numbers of endemic species.
The Maldives officially the Republic of Maldives (Dhivehi Raa'jeyge Jumhooriyya) is South Asian island country located in the Indian Ocean situated in the Arabian Sea. It lies southwest of Sri Lanka and India. The chain of 26 atolls stretches from Ihavandhippolhu Atoll in the north to the Addu City in the south. Comprising territory spanning roughly 298 square kilometres (115 sq mi) the Maldives is one of the world's most geographically dispersed countries as well as the smallest Asian country by both land area and population with around 427 756 inhabitants. Malé is the capital and most populated city traditionally called the "King's Island" for its central location.
Mongolia is landlocked unitary sovereign state in East Asia. Its area is roughly equivalent with the historical territory of Outer Mongolia and that term is sometimes used to refer to the current state. It is sandwiched between China to the south and Russia to the north. Mongolia does not share border with Kazakhstan although only 37 kilometres (23 mi) separates them.
Nepal officially the Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal is landlocked country in South Asia located in the Himalaya. With an estimated population of 26.4 million it is 48th largest country by population and 93rd largest country by area.[2][12] It borders China in the north and India in the south east and west while Bangladesh is located within only 27 km (17 mi) of its southeastern tip and Bhutan is separated from it by Indian state of Sikkim. Himalayan state Nepal has diverse geography including fertile plains [13] subalpine forested hills and eight of the world's ten tallest mountains including Mount Everest the highest point on Earth. Kathmandu is the nation's capital and largest city. Nepal is multiethnic nation with Nepali as the official language.
Oman officially the Sultanate of Oman is an Arab country on the southeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula in Western Asia. Holding strategically important position at the mouth of the Persian Gulf the country shares land borders with the United Arab Emirates to the northwest Saudi Arabia to the west and Yemen to the southwest and shares marine borders with Iran and Pakistan. The coast is formed by the Arabian Sea on the southeast and the Gulf of Oman on the northeast. The Madha and Musandam exclaves are surrounded by 
Pakistan officially the Islamic Republic of Pakistan is country in South Asia and crossroads of Middle East and Central Asia. It is the fifth-most populous country with population exceeding 209 970 000 people.[17] In area it is the 33rd-largest country spanning 881 913 square kilometres (340 509 square miles). Pakistan has 1 046-kilometre (650-mile) coastline along the Arabian Sea and Gulf of Oman in the south and is bordered by India to the east Afghanistan to the west Iran to the southwest and China in the far northeast. It is separated narrowly from Tajikistan by Afghanistan's Wakhan Corridor in the northwest and also shares maritime border with Oman.
The Philippines officially the Republic of the Philippines (Filipino: Republika ng Pilipinas)[a] is unitary sovereign and archipelagic country in Southeast Asia. Situated in the western Pacific Ocean it consists of about 7 641 islands[18] that are categorized broadly under three main geographical divisions from north to south: Luzon Visayas and Mindanao. The capital city of the Philippines is Manila and the most populous city is Quezon City both part of Metro Manila.[19] Bounded by the South China Sea on the west the Philippine Sea on the east and the Celebes Sea on the southwest the Philippines shares maritime borders with Taiwan to the north Vietnam to the west Palau to the east and Malaysia and Indonesia to the south.
Russia also officially known as the Russian Federation[12] (Russian: Росси́йская Федера́ция tr. Rossiyskaya Federatsiya IPA: [rɐˈsʲijskəjə fʲɪdʲɪˈratsɨjə]) is sovereign country in Eurasia.[13] At 17 125 200 square kilometres (6 612 100 sq mi) [14] Russia is the largest country in the world by area covering more than one-eighth of the Earth's inhabited land area [15][16][17] and the ninth most populous with over 144 million people at the end of December 2017.[6] The European western part of the country is much more populated and urbanised than the eastern; about 77% of the population live in European Russia. Russia's capital Moscow is one of the largest cities in the world; other major urban centers include Saint Petersburg Novosibirsk Yekaterinburg and Nizhny Novgorod.
Qatar local vernacular pronunciation:officially the State of Qatar is sovereign country located in Western Asia occupying the small Qatar Peninsula on the northeastern coast of the Arabian Peninsula. Its sole land border is with Saudi Arabia to the south with the rest of its territory surrounded by the Persian Gulf. An arm of the Persian Gulf separates Qatar from the nearby island country of Bahrain.
Saudi Arabia officially the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA) [d] is sovereign Arab state in Western Asia constituting the bulk of the Arabian Peninsula. With land area of approximately 2 150 000 km2 (830 000 sq mi) Saudi Arabia is geographically the fifth-largest state in Asia and second-largest state in the Arab world after Algeria. Saudi Arabia is bordered by Jordan and Iraq to the north Kuwait to the northeast Qatar Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates to the east Oman to the southeast and Yemen to the south. It is separated from Israel and Egypt by the Gulf of Aqaba. It is the only nation with both Red Sea coast and Persian Gulf coast and most of its terrain consists of arid desert and mountains.
Singapore officially the Republic of Singapore is sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia. It lies one degree (137 kilometres or 85 miles) north of the equator at the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula with Indonesia's Riau Islands to the south and Peninsular Malaysia to the north. Singapore's territory consists of one main island along with 62 other islets. Since independence extensive land reclamation has increased its total size by 23% (130 square kilometres or 50 square miles).
Sri Lanka officially the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka is an island country in South Asia located southeast of India and northeast of the Maldives.
Syria is country in Western Asia bordering Lebanon and the Mediterranean Sea to the west Turkey to the north Iraq to the east Jordan to the south and Israel to the southwest. The western two-thirds of Syria's Golan Heights are since 1967 occupied by Israel and were in 1981 effectively annexed by Israel [8][9] whereas the eastern third is controlled by Syria with the UNDOF maintaining buffer zone in between to implement the ceasefire of the Purple Line. Syria's capital and largest city is Damascus.
Taiwan officially the Republic of China (ROC) is partially recognised state in East Asia. Its neighbors include the People's Republic of China (PRC) to the west Japan to the northeast and the Philippines to the south. Taiwan is the most populous state and largest economy that is not member of the United Nations.
Tajikistan officially the Republic of Tajikistan is mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia with an estimated population of 8.7 million people as of 2016 and an area of 143 100 km2 (55 300 sq mi). It is bordered by Afghanistan to the south Uzbekistan to the west Kyrgyzstan to the north and China to the east. Traditional homelands of Tajik people included present-day Tajikistan Afghanistan and Uzbekistan.
Badminton is a racquet sport played using racquets to hit a shuttlecock across a net. Although it may be played with larger teams, the most common forms of the game are "singles" (with one player per side) and "doubles" (with two players per side). Badminton is often played as a casual outdoor activity in a yard or on a beach; formal games are played on a rectangular indoor court. Points are scored by striking the shuttlecock with the racquet and landing it within the opposing side's half of the court.
Football is a family of team sports that involve, to varying degrees, kicking a ball with a foot to score a goal. Unqualified, the word football is understood to refer to whichever form of football is the most popular in the regional context in which the word appears. Sports commonly called football in certain places include: association football (known as soccer in some countries); gridiron football (specifically American football or Canadian football); Australian rules football; rugby football (either rugby league or rugby union); and Gaelic football.[1][2] These different variations of football are known as football codes.
Tennis is a racket sport that can be played individually against a single opponent (singles) or between two teams of two players each (doubles). Each player uses a tennis racket that is strung with cord to strike a hollow rubber ball covered with felt over or around a net and into the opponent's court. The object of the game is to play the ball in such a way that the opponent is not able to play a valid return. The player who is unable to return the ball will not gain a point, while the opposite player will.
Handball (also known as team handball or Olympic handball)[1] is a team sport in which two teams of seven players each (six outfield players and a goalkeeper) pass a ball using their hands with the aim of throwing it into the goal of the other team. A standard match consists of two periods of 30 minutes, and the team that scores more goals wins.
Curling is a sport in which players slide stones on a sheet of ice towards a target area which is segmented into four concentric circles. It is related to bowls, boules and shuffleboard. Two teams, each with four players, take turns sliding heavy, polished granite stones, also called rocks, across the ice curling sheet towards the house, a circular target marked on the ice.[2] Each team has eight stones, with each player throwing two. The purpose is to accumulate the highest score for a game; points are scored for the stones resting closest to the centre of the house at the conclusion of each end, which is completed when both teams have thrown all of their stones. A game usually consists of eight or ten ends.